editorial review (#65)
peppelinux/draft-demarco-oauth-status-assertions: draft-demarco-oauth-status-assertions.md

- MUST be timestamped with its issuance datetime,
using a timestamp which is at or after the time of
Digital Credential issuance which it refers;
- MUST contain the expiration datetime after which
the Status Assertion MUST NOT be considered valid anymore,
and the Digital Credential it refers
SHOULD NOT be considered valid anymore. The expiration datetime MUST be
superior to the Status Assertion issuance datetime and it MUST end before

> the expiration datetime of the Digital Credential;

Reviewer: Not all credentials expire.

I think we should provide examples for all cases of vc + sa with iat and exp.

There is also nbf which could interact negatively with iat and exp.

Reviewer: I'd like to take a stab at addressing this complexity more explicitly, but I will save that for another PR

Author: good point. Issue here: https://github.com/peppelinux/draft-demarco-oauth-status-assertions/issues/71

The Wallet Instance sends the Status Assertion request to the
Credential Issuer, where:

- The request MUST contain the base64url encoded hash value of the Digital Credential's
Issuer signed part, such as the Issuer Signed JWT using [@SD-JWT-VC],

> or the Mobile Security Object using [@ISO 18013-5],

Author: @fmarino-ipzs I think that this example matters for the readers

for which the Status Assertion is requested, and enveloped in a signed
Status Assertion Request object.

> - The Status Assertion Request object MUST be evaluated MUST be signed with the private key corresponding

Author: ```suggestion
- The Status Assertion Request object MUST be signed with the private key corresponding
```

       / iat    / 6: 1698744039 /,
       / exp    / 4: 1698830439 /,
       / cti    / 7: 6f204f7e-e453-4dfd-814e-9d155319408c /,

>        / credential_hash / 8: $hash-about-MobileSecurityObject /,

Reviewer: in CBOR, this structure might be a better solution for this:

```
COSE_X509 = bstr / [ 2*certs: bstr ]
COSE_CertHash = [ hashAlg: (int / tstr), hashValue: bstr ]
```

See https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc9360

Author: issue here: https://github.com/peppelinux/draft-demarco-oauth-status-assertions/issues/72

I admit that I didn't get it, we'll continue the conversation in the issue

the only audience of the Status Assertion Error is the Holder of the Credential
that has requested the Status Assertion. Therefore,
it is not necessary that the Status Assertion Error

> contains the parameter `aud`; if present, it MUST be set to the same value as the `iss` parameter used by the Wallet in the corresponding Status Assertion Request object.

Author: ```suggestion
contains the parameter `aud`; if present, it MUST be set to the same
value as the `iss` parameter used by the Wallet in the corresponding
Status Assertion Request object.
```

the only audience of the Status Assertion Error is the Holder of the Credential
that has requested the Status Assertion. Therefore,
it is not necessary that the Status Assertion Error

> contains the parameter `aud` within its payload, but, if it is present, it MUST be set
> with the same value of the `iss` parameter used by the Wallet in the related
> Status Assertion Request object.

Author: ```suggestion
contains the parameter `aud`; if present, it MUST be set to the same value as the `iss` parameter used by the Wallet in the corresponding Status Assertion Request object.
```

### Credential Issuer Implementation Considerations

> When the Digital Credential is issued, the Credential Issuer should

Reviewer: I think reader will wonder why this isn't normative.

Author: because it is in a section for the considerations, I learned these kind of things by Mike :-)

or, still not learned but I remember this!

Reviewer: You can have normative language in security considerations, but you are correct that normally the BCP 14 language is reserved for "ensuring interop".... this comes ups a surprising amount in IESG reviews.
